c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.exe.config
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.exe
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.pdb
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.g.resources
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.exe
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.pdb
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Page1.baml
C:\Users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserManager.g.cs
C:\Users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserManager.baml
C:\Users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Ylesanded.g.cs
C:\Users\opilane\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Ylesanded.baml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.exe.config
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.exe
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.pdb
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.exe
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\UserTasks.pdb
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserManager.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Ylesanded.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Page1.baml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserManager.baml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\Ylesanded.baml
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.g.resources
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\UserTasks.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\LisaYl.g.cs
C:\Users\Uko\Desktop\UserTasks\UserTasks\obj\Debug\LisaYl.baml
